In this section, we'll cover
some Java fundamentals
from the point of view of
Oracle's 1Z0-819 exam.
Specifically, we'll be covering…
Creating and using final classes.
But we'll also take a closer look at
nested classes and anonymous classes.
And finally, I'll be discussing
the use of a type called enum
[Enumeration], which you're
probably already familiar with.
So, note that my 1Z0-819 Part 1 course
covered most of the Java fundamentals
needed to pass the exam, including
class modifiers and their meaning.
i.e. All the basic stuff.
I'm not repeating that content here.
Rather, the videos coming up here
assume that you've watched those
other videos and/or have that
basic knowledge so that we can
get into the more advanced stuff.
This is as I've outlined in the
introductory videos – we are
not duplicating content that
exists in the other course.
Now, if you need a recap on the
basic fundamentals, refer to my
1Z0-819 Part 1 course on Udemy.
Specifically, Section 6, Defining
the structure of a Class, as well as
Section 8, Applying Access Modifiers.
With that said, let's get started.